[ty] Improve generic call expression inference (#21210)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/ty_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/assignment/annotations.md

reveal_type(j)  # revealed: Literal[True]
```

> The function arguments are also inferred using the type context:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function's arguments are also inferred using the type context:
```

    reveal_type(x6)  # revealed: Any

    x7: TD2 | None = dt.get(key, {})
    reveal_type(x7)  # revealed: Any

    x8: TD2 | None = dt.get(key, {"x": 0})
    reveal_type(x8)  # revealed: Any
```

## Prefer the declared type of generic classes

```toml
[environment]
python-version = "3.12"
```

```py
from typing import Any

def f[T](x: T) -> list[T]:
    return [x]

def f2[T](x: T) -> list[T] | None:
    return [x]

def f3[T](x: T) -> list[T] | dict[T, T]:
    return [x]

a = f(1)
reveal_type(a)  # revealed: list[Literal[1]]

b: list[Any] = f(1)
reveal_type(b)  # revealed: list[Any]

c: list[Any] = [1]
reveal_type(c)  # revealed: list[Any]

d: list[Any] | None = f(1)
reveal_type(d)  # revealed: list[Any]

e: list[Any] | None = [1]
reveal_type(e)  # revealed: list[Any]

f: list[Any] | None = f2(1)
# TODO: Better constraint solver.
reveal_type(f)  # revealed: list[Literal[1]] | None

g: list[Any] | dict[Any, Any] = f3(1)
# TODO: Better constraint solver.
reveal_type(g)  # revealed: list[Literal[1]] | dict[Literal[1], Literal[1]]
```

## Narrow generic unions

```toml
[environment]
python-version = "3.12"
```

```py
from typing import reveal_type, TypedDict

> def id[T](x: T) -> T:

Reviewer: nit: there's a builtin function `id()` in Python which you're shadowing here; maybe call this `identity` to avoid confusion?
